Update changelog.md (#274)
spruceid/ssi: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Implement JcsTezosSignature2021.
- Add PrimaryDIDURL for dereference trait method.
- Add EthereumEip712Signature2021 v1 context.
- Add VerificationMethodMap::get_id.
- Implement converting JWK to Tezos format.
- Add did-pkh-poly.
- Pass resolver option in issue/prepare.
- Use vc-test-suite example keys and DIDs.
- Update blockchainAccountId for new CAIP-10.
- Add Revocation List 2020 context.
- Validate key and algorithm for JsonWebSignature2020.
- Work-in-progress implementation of detached JWS decoding.
- Default to PS256 for RSA.
- Implement PS256.
- Work-in-progress ZCap invocation methods
- Implement FromStr for URI.
- Support publicKeyJwk for EthereumEip712Signature.
- Add DID Test Suite implementation generator.
- Implement EthereumPersonalSignature2021.
- Implement EthereumEip712Signature2021.
- Disallow untyped properties in eip712.
- Enable Eip712Signature2021 in did:pkh.
- Allow using Eip712 proof with normal VM types.
- Add did-webkey and SSH key parsing.
- Implement JWK Thumbprint.
- Use compressed P-256 did:key.
- Add UserAgent header in requests.
- Add ES256K to alg mistmatch handling.
- Use custom-made JWK algorithms for Tezos.

> - Canonicalize negative zero.

Reviewer: This one ("Canonicalize negative zero.") was a bug fix rather than a feature, so should probably be listed under Fixed.

> - Implement converting JWK to Tezos format.
> - Add did-pkh-poly.
> - Pass resolver option in issue/prepare.
> - Use vc-test-suite example keys and DIDs.
> - Update blockchainAccountId for new CAIP-10.
> - Add Revocation List 2020 context.
> - Validate key and algorithm for JsonWebSignature2020.
> - Work-in-progress implementation of detached JWS decoding.
> - Default to PS256 for RSA.
> - Implement PS256.
> - Work-in-progress ZCap invocation methods
> - Implement FromStr for URI.
> - Support publicKeyJwk for EthereumEip712Signature.
> - Add DID Test Suite implementation generator.
> - Implement EthereumPersonalSignature2021.
> - Implement EthereumEip712Signature2021.
> - Disallow untyped properties in eip712.
> - Enable Eip712Signature2021 in did:pkh.
> - Allow using Eip712 proof with normal VM types.
> - Add did-webkey and SSH key parsing.
> - Implement JWK Thumbprint.
> - Use compressed P-256 did:key.
> - Add UserAgent header in requests.
> - Add ES256K to alg mistmatch handling.
> - Use custom-made JWK algorithms for Tezos.
> - Canonicalize negative zero.
> 
> ### Fixed
> - Catch double fragment in service endpoint URL.
> - Improve JWK/VM comparison.
> - Update picking proof suite for tz.
> - Allow returning warnings from proof verification.
> - Fix Tezos CAIP-2 chain IDs.
> - Fix converting RSA JWK to public.
> - Fix did:example:foo and did:example:bar.
> - Update W3C Software and Document Short Notice.
> - ZCap attribute-check hotfix
> - Add test vectors for linked data proof alignment.
> - Handle eth signatures with recovery ID starting at 0.
> - Deprecate using key_ops to select proof type.
> - Only match VM URI for specific DID methods.
> - Use MissingFeatures error in proof type selection.
> - Consolidate proof type selection.
> - Add helper function to get proof suite by type.
> - Allow time zone offsets other than "Z" in VCs.
> - Improve did:pkh documentation and chain id handling.
> - Set contentType when returning URL in dereference.
> - Remove timestamp from generative DID methods.
> - Update DID resolution error handling and content-type handling.
> - Fix WASM tests.
> - Add Proof::with_options for proof params.
> - Fix on-chain resolution in did-tezos.
> - Fix WASM async trait compilation.
> - Add arbitrary property set in ldp options to be included in Proof.
> - Improve JWT support.
> - Fix use of p256 in did-key.
> 
> ### Security
> - Validate proof object RDF consistency.
> - Check key size for RSA JWS

Reviewer: Suggesting changes:
- Rearranged some entries
- Added categories Deprecated and Removed.
- Removed entries that are redundant or internal-only.
- Quote terms with backticks.
- Other minor rewordings and changes.
```suggestion
### Added
- Add `PrimaryDIDURL` type.
- Add `EthereumEip712Signature2021` v1 context.
- Add `VerificationMethodMap::get_id` function.
- Implement converting JWK to Tezos format.
- Add `did:pkh:poly:`.
- Use `vc-test-suite` example keys and DIDs.
- Add Revocation List 2020 JSON-LD context file.
- Implement `PS256` JWS algorithm.
- Work-in-progress ZCap invocation methods
- Implement `FromStr` for `URI`.
- Support `publicKeyJwk` in `EthereumEip712Signature2021`.
- Add DID Test Suite implementation generator.
- Implement `JcsTezosSignature2021`.
- Implement `EthereumPersonalSignature2021`.
- Implement `EthereumEip712Signature2021`.
- Enable `Eip712Signature2021` with `did:pkh`.
- Allow using `Eip712Signature2021` with normal VM types.
- Implement `did:webkey:`
- Implement SSH key parsing.
- Implement JWK Thumbprint.
- Add `User-Agent` header in requests.
- Add `ES256K` to algorithm mistmatch handling.
- Use custom internal JWK algorithms for Tezos signing.
- Allow returning warnings from proof verification.
- Use `MissingFeatures` error in proof type selection.
- Add `Proof::with_options` for proof params.

### Changed
- Use PrimaryDIDURL in dereference trait method.
- Pass resolver option in issue/prepare functions.
- Update `blockchainAccountId` for new CAIP-10.
- Default to `PS256` for RSA signing.
- Use compressed `P-256` in `did:key`.
- Disallow untyped properties in EIP-712 messages.
- Update picking proof suite for tz.
- Update DID resolution error handling and content-type handling.
- Add arbitrary property set in LDP options to be included in Proof.

### Deprecated
- Deprecate using `key_ops` to select proof type.

### Removed
- Remove timestamp from generative DID methods.

### Fixed
- Catch double fragment in service endpoint URL.
- Improve JWK/VM comparison.
- Fix Tezos CAIP-2 chain IDs.
- Fix converting RSA JWK to public.
- Fix `did:example:foo` and `did:example:bar`.
- Update W3C Software and Document Short Notice.
- Handle eth signatures with recovery ID starting at 0.
- Only match VM URI for specific DID methods.
- Allow time zone offsets other than "Z" in VCs.
- Improve `did:pkh` documentation and chain id handling.
- Set `contentType` when returning URL in dereference.
- Fix WASM tests.
- Fix on-chain resolution in `did-tezos`.
- Fix WASM async trait compilation.
- Improve JWT support.
- Canonicalize negative zero.

### Security
- Validate linked data proof object RDF consistency.
- Check key size for RSA JWS
- Validate key and algorithm for `JsonWebSignature2020`.
```
